# Fail Log: Module 1 2017-07-16

A few technical blip and lots of human error

#Hypothesis
a fail from last week that I figured I'd make note of - hypothesis bugged out after I navigated to a new page in a different tab, and the comment I was working on got weirdly "frozen" I tried to copy the text and refresh the page, but that failed too, so I ended up just rewriting. First (and only, so far) hiccup that I've had using this tool. I've also found that I do a better job of grasping the readings if I leave the annotations turned off for the first time I look at an article, and only then go back and read with the annotations turned on. This is hard for me, beacause it's difficult to resist what other people have to say, but I find I get easily sidetracked from what I'm trying to absorb if I'm dividing my attention between too many different things.

#DH Box
Took a while to get the hang of working from the command line. I mentioned how alien all this feels to a friend who pointed out that they are called programming languages.

Something to note: I had an issue with being able to connect to DH box this afternoon (Sunday) after it had been working perfectly all day. Eventually I realized that the VPN was malfunctioning, rather than DH Box itself. Even when I reconnected it took a few attempts for the VPN to stabilize enough for me to continue with exercise 4.

Another noteable thing for me - following instructions sometimes involves backtracking when you have to troubleshoot at the same time. There were a few times when I'd follow the instructions up until a point where we needed to install something, and then would try to move on to the next step, only to remember that I needed to complete the earlier step that I'd had to sidetrack from originally (if that makes sense!)

I had a bunch of "productive fails" while going through the first part of exercise 2 (trying to save a file as html etc) because I'm so unused to the command line that I accidently changed something by hitting the < and > arrows somewhere I shouldn't have. I honeslty don't know how I managed to do so much damange by doing this, but the header to my text file completely disappeared. I also didn't read the instructions closely enough the first time and didn't know to make the date the header, and ended up having to redo the exercise a few times. This was actually pretty helpful though, because I ended up getting super comofortable going through the motions of opening the text editor and saving as different file types. I'm typing this in nano now! Earlier today I didn't even know what the command line was! Pretty cool. :)

#Personal Fail
I'm in an ongoing battle with procrastination, and I'm really trying to work being a better time manager this summer because I know that how miserable the coming year of school is going to be for me will really be dictated by my ability to meet deadlines and stay on top of the goals I set for my work. That having been said, the past two weeks have been TOUGH. My grandmother passed away on Canada Day and I began full time work at my job a few days later. Between these two things, my motivation to stay on top of school stuff has been pretty zapped. The bright side is that even if I've been slow to do things, I have been getting them done. So I guess there's something to be said about the fact that if I can do it under these circumstances, I should be okay when things in my personal life are better. I also find that I'm better about not procrastinating when I feel accountable to someone, so doing this course in a public forum is helpful in the sense that if I drop the ball, it's out there for everyone to see. Makes me wonder if open research might be useful for me next year as I work on my honours thesis. 
